---
permalink: /bellairs22/
title: "Bellairs 2022"
author_profile: false
---

{% include base_path %}

# Bellairs Workshop on Network Verification

22 May 2022 to 26 May 2022

The emerging field of network verification seeks to apply techniques
such as static analysis, model checking, program verification, and
testing in the domain of computer networks. This workshop aims to
bring together researchers in the area to discuss and compare these
different approaches and to work together to share ideas and
approaches.

The workshop organizer is [Nate
Foster](https://www.cs.cornell.edu/~jnfoster/). Attendance is by
invitation only. The confirmed attendees are: Nikolaj Bjorner, Karuna
Grewal, Brighten Godfrey, Ruzica Piskac, Sundararajan Renganathan,
Fabian Ruffy, Steffen Smolka, David Walker, and Thomas Wies.

The practice at these workshops has been to allow the speaker ample
time to get to technical details. There should be lots of
opportunities for extensive small group discussions; we will not cram
the schedule with lots of short talks. Most talks are given on
primitive chalkboards. 

[Prakash Panangaden](https://www.cs.mcgill.ca/~prakash/) is organizing
a parallel workshop on probabilistic programming and quantitative
reasoning.

The workshop runs from Sunday, 22nd May 2022 to Thursday, 26th May
2022 and will take place at the [Bellairs Research
Institute](https://www.mcgill.ca/bellairs/) in Barbados. Directions
and things to know: The airport is on the east-south point of the
island and Bellairs is on the west side in the Parish of St. James
(about a 40 minute taxi drive).

These are extraordinary times because of the pandemic. We normally
have twice as many participants. There will be the usual Covid
protocols required for entry to Barbados.
[Here](https://www.visitbarbados.org/covid-19-travel-guidelines-2022?dcpp=1)
is the link to the Barbados Government Web Site regarding travel
protocols. It seems similar to entry requirements to countries like
the UK, Canada or the US. Please download the Barbados Government App
and fill in the travel details before you travel.

[Here](https://www.cs.mcgill.ca/~prakash/Bellairs/22/barbados.gif) is
a map of Barbados. Tell the taxi drivers to take you to **Bellairs
Research Centre in Holetown.** Holetown is small and Bellairs is on
the main street - it is just north of Folkstone Park. When filling in
the Immigration form at the airport give the address as Bellairs
Research Institute, Holetown, Parish of St. James. The taxi ride
should cost about $35- $45 U.S. Barbados is safe and one shouldn't
worry about travelling alone during the day. US currency is freely
accepted at 2 Barbadian dollars per US dollar. Other currencies (Pound
sterling, Canadian dollars) are not accepted; you will have to change
them at banks or at the airport. Some people had trouble using their
bank cards from Europe, but Canadian and US cards seem to work fine.
At the airport if you go around to the departures side just after you
arrive you will find cash machines there; strangely there are no ATMs
at the arrivals area.

Good things to bring are suntan lotion or dark skin, mosquito
repellent, swimwear, papers/books/stationary and light clothing (it
will be pleasantly warm or unbearably hot depending on what you are
used to). There is wireless hookup for laptops so you can bring your
own laptop.
[Here](https://www.cs.mcgill.ca/~prakash/Bellairs/22/group.jpg) is a
picture of the workshop participants from a few years ago.

Rooms booking will be made by Alexandra Silva, please **do not contact
Bellairs staff directly.** Please email Nate Foster to find out
details of room bookings and rates. Payment can be made by credit
card. 
